= InternetBsApi

This gem wraps the Internet.bs resellers API for use in RoR applications. The
plan is to implement the basic API calls for only the US. Eventually support
for other countries could be introduced.

Internet.bs provides, in my opinion, the most comprehensive reseller API. I
tried out a bunch of other ones and most of them had a minimal set of calls, or
were only useable from specific development tools (Java or .NET for example). I
found more than one that seemed solid but when you tried to get the provider
involved all you heard was crickets. The only thing that seems to be missing
from Internet.bs is a gem to use this API in RoR easily and cleanly. So here it
is.

Please note that this is extremely immature at this point, and any help or
contribution is welcome.

setup:

1. install the gem
2. edit the config/internet_bs_api.yaml to use your own API credentials as
provided by Internet.bs.

use:

  class Foo
    include InternetBsApi
  end

Disclaimer:

I have no ownership of the Internet.bs resellers API, nor do I have
any relationship with Internet.bs. If you use this gem you are responsible for
your own support from the authors of the API itself. This wrapper is provided
for free, and all I ask is that if you make changes, fork and poke me so I can
pull them back in.

Additionally, I have put comments into the gem API entry points that I took
directly from the official API documentation. If you find inconsistencies or
questions please review the official documentation itself. The comments are
merely provided for convenience sake.

This project is provided under the MIT-LICENSE.
